.TH user-backup.sh 8 "2009-02-01" Pfn\ Backup
.SH NAME 
user-backup.sh \(em Perform a backup for the current user
.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B user-backup.sh [-v] [--config \fI<CFG_FILE>\fB] [--dry-run]
.B [--full] [--code \fI<code>\fB] [--fcode \fI<fcode>\fB]
.B [\fI<dir>\fP ...\fB]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.B user-backup.sh
Backups the data for a user. It looks in the index file for a previous 
successful backup and, if it finds one, operates in incremental mode. 
Otherwise it takes a full backup.

It uses all options specified to start a \fItar\fP on the user's home or
the specified path(s).

.SH OPTIONS
.B -v
Verbose output

.B --config \fI<CFG_FILE>
Use an alternative configuration file.

.B --dry-run
Do not perform backup, only show actions.

.B --full
Force a full backup.

.B --code | --fcode \fI<code>
Mark the backup as backup-xx-\fI<code>\fP.tar.gz . 
.BR
By default, the username will be the code.

.B <dir> ...
Directories to backup. By default $HOME is backed up.

.SH EXAMPLE
  $ user.backup.sh -v
  
  This will a backup of the user's data

.SH FILES
.B /etc/backup/options
Generic backup options.

.B ~/.backupoptions
User-defined options.

.B $BACKUP_DIR/incoming/
Directory placing the first-stage backups, must be user-writable

.B $BACKUP_INDEX_FILE
Index file, holding the backup result date/state. Must be writable
by all backup users. If reset, next backup will be a full one.
Default:
.I /var/backup/index

.BUGS
In incremental mode, files that have changed since the start of the previous
backup are considered changed. This may not be perfectly accurate.

.SH SEE ALSO 
pfn_backup-all.cfg(5), pfn_backup-options(5), all-backup.sh(8), tar(1)

.SH AUTHOR 

This manual page was written by Panos Christeas <p_christ@hol.gr>
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any  
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
